feat: allow arrow functions for Gauge::collect (#530)
siimon/prom-client: README.md

});
```

> If you want `this` to point to you object instead of the metric, you can pass arrow function as `collect`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want `this` to point to the outer scope instead of the metric, you can pass arrow function as `collect`:
```

```js
const client = require('prom-client');
class Foo {
  constructor() {
    this.gauge_value = 0;
    this.gauge = new client.Gauge({
      name: 'metric_name',
      help: 'metric_help',
      collect: (metric) => {
        // Invoked when the registry collects its metrics' values.
        // This can be synchronous or it can return a promise/be an async function.
        metric.set(this.gauge_value);
      },
    });
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR!

I'm not sure if this change is a good idea. That the readme says "functions will not have the correct value for `this`" is debatable: `this` is the metric, which is correct for some use cases.

In this example, wouldn't this work as well?
```js
collect() {
  this.gauge.set(this.gauge_value);
}
```

If we do make this change, it should be made to all metric types uniformly.

What do others think?

Author: Your example wouldn’t work, `this` is reassigned when using Object.assign(), which is used here: https://github.com/siimon/prom-client/blob/8d6456c05f0708fed34628da5bd6f492a0ab43f8/lib/metric.js#L15

As for other metrics, my mistake, I was under the impression that the usage of the `collect` function is only available for the gauge.

Reviewer: Sorry -- my example should have used an arrow function:

```js
collect: () => {
  this.gauge.set(this.gauge_value);
}
```

Author: This one would work, I suppose. Maybe it should be added to the README.md as an example?
